Compatible non SI units (#3522)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/unitexpressions.tex

   NON-DIGIT
\end{lstlisting}

> It is required that basic and derived units of the SI system are recognized and in addition some units compatible with the SI system listed below, but tools are allowed to additionally support user-defined unit symbols.

Reviewer: That was a bit hard to parse.  How about this?
```suggestion
The units required to be recognized are the basic and derived units of the SI system, as well as some units compatible with the SI system listed below, but tools are allowed to additionally support user-defined unit symbols.
```

The required unit symbols do not make use of Greek letters, but a unit such as $\Omega$ is spelled out as \lstinline!"Ohm"!.
Similarly degree is spelled out as \lstinline!"deg"!, both on its own (for angles) and as part of \lstinline!"degC"!, \lstinline!"degF"! and \lstinline!"degRk"! for temperatures (Celsius, Fahrenheit and Rankine).

> It is recommended that non SI units are only used for the displayUnit attribute -- that ensures that the model is valid even if the unit is not recognized.

Reviewer: Hyphenate, formatting, and soften _valid_:
```suggestion
It is recommended that non-SI units are only used for the \lstinline!displayUnit! attribute in order to reduce impact of unrecognized unit symbols when using another Modelica tool.
```

> The units compatible with the SI system that should be recognized are:

Reviewer: Avoid weakness of _should_:
```suggestion
The following are the units required to be recognized in addition to the SI system:
```

\begin{itemize}
\item minute "min" (1 minute=60 s)
\item hour "h" (1 hour=3600 s)
\item day "d" (1 day=86400 s)

> \item litre "l" and "L" (1 litre=1 dm3)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\item liter "l" and "L" (1 liter=1 dm3)
```
American English, as the style guide suggests

> \item electronVolt "eV" (1 electronvolt=1.602176634e-19 J)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\item electron volt "eV" (1 electron volt=1.602176634e-19 J)
```
or `electronvolt`?

Author: The SI Brochure calls it "electronvolt" so I assume that should be used.
```suggestion
\item electronvolt "eV" (1 electronvolt=1.602176634e-19 J)
```

> \item liter \lstinline!"l"! and \lstinline!"L"! (1 liter = 1 dm^{3})

Author: ```suggestion
\item liter \lstinline!"l"! and \lstinline!"L"! (1 liter = 1 $\text{dm}^{3}$)
```

Author: Think this is needed.

\item degree "deg" (1 degree=pi/180 rad)

> \item debey "debey" (1 debey = 1e-21/299792458 Cm)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\item debye "debye" (1 debye = 1e-21/299792458 Cm)
```

> \item minute "min" (1 minute=60 s)
> \item hour "h" (1 hour=3600 s)
> \item day "d" (1 day=86400 s)
> \item liter "l" and "L" (1 liter=1 dm3)
> \item electronvolt "eV" (1 electronvolt=1.602176634e-19 J)
> \item degree "deg" (1 degree=pi/180 rad)
> \item debye "debye" (1 debye = 1e-21/299792458 Cm)

Reviewer: Formatting:
```suggestion
\item minute \lstinline!"min"! (1 minute = 60 s)
\item hour \lstinline!"h"! (1 hour = 3600 s)
\item day \lstinline!"d"! (1 day = 86400 s)
\item liter \lstinline!"l"! and \lstinline!"L"! (1 liter = 1 dm^{3})
\item electronvolt \lstinline!"eV"! (1 electronvolt = 1.602176634e-19 J)
\item degree \lstinline!"deg"! (1 degree = $\pi/180$ rad)
\item debye \lstinline!"debye"! (1 debye = 1e-21 / 299792458 Cm)
```

Reviewer: I think it would be even better to use Modelica unit strings when defining relation to other units.  For example:
- 1 \lstinline!"min"! = 60 \lstinline!"s"!
- 1 \lstinline!"h"! = 60 \lstinline!"min"!

Maybe one should even express these relations in math mode…

\end{itemize}

> The first 7 are listed as non SI units that are acceptable to use with the SI standard in the SI standard.

Reviewer: Hyphenate and reorder:
```suggestion
The first 7 are listed in the SI standard as non-SI units that are acceptable to use with the SI system.
```
